Hey, good morning family. How have you all been doing? One night I was praying. I've told you all that I have puppies sometimes.
One of my mama dogs was in labor and the puppy was stuck inside of her, and she was not able to get it out.
It was sideways or something. So, I tried to reach up and grab it to get a hold of it to turn it around, but I couldn't turn the dog.
She was pushing as hard as she could, and I thought she was going to break this puppy in half and kill it because she was pushing so hard.
Well, there was green. You know, if you've ever seen animals born, green is distress.
It had been going on for hours and it was in the middle of the night during the Christmas holiday, and the vet was gone.
I couldn't call him to have an emergency C-section to get the puppy out because he was on vacation seeing his kids.
So, I thought, 'Well, I don't know what to do because we live in a small little town.'I didn't know what to do right now other than just pray.
I was all caught up with fear, thinking, 'Oh no, I'm going to lose the litter.
I'm going to lose my dog.'The devil tried to come and whisper in my ear, 'What are you going to do?
What are you going to do?'You have all these thoughts running through your head at 90 miles an hour about how I could maybe help her.
You're just stressing out because you see and hear her yelping because she's in so much pain going through labor. It was awful. So, I just sat in my prayer chair.
I just bowed my head and said, 'I trust in the Lord with all my heart, and I lean not unto my own understanding, but in all thy ways acknowledge You, and You direct my path.
You show me what to do, Lord.'I just kept saying that over and over.
'I trust in the Lord with all my heart, and I lean not unto my own understanding, but in all thy ways I acknowledge You, and You said You direct my path.'I take the care out of my prayer.
I know a lot of times when you're going through something hard and you're feeling the pressure of life, everything is going on around you and the circumstances look worse than ever.
That's why I said, 'God, I take my prayer, and You said be careful for nothing.'I kept saying, 'Be careful for nothing, but in everything make your request known unto the Lord.'I believe I just butchered that scripture, but that's it.
I need my Bible; my son has my phone. But I kept quoting these scriptures, and with no exaggeration, I probably quoted them several hundred times because it went on for hours into the middle of the night—3:00 in the morning or whenever.
It was late. I just kept quoting the scriptures and praying in the spirit, saying, 'Father, I just trust You.
God, I thank You that You're moving on my behalf.'All of a sudden, it became real to me inside of my spirit. I felt a Holy Ghost gusher come out of my spirit.
I started saying out of my mouth, 'I trust in the Lord with all my heart, and I lean not into my own understanding of what's going on, but in all thy ways I acknowledge You, Lord, and You said You direct my path.
I tell you, Satan, in the name of Jesus, let go of this! I thank You, Father, that the puppy turns around and it's going to be okay, saving the rest of the litter.'Usually, whenever a puppy is stuck like that for that long, it's dead.
I didn't expect this to happen—I'm just telling you—I was just praying for the dog to be okay and not die.
An angel of the Lord walks through my front door. I'm sitting right here; my front door is over there.
An angel walks through my front door, and she looked female to me.
It looked like a little girl. The angel was about four or five feet tall.
She walks in wearing a lattice-looking, berry-looking crown-like thing on her head, like a halo.
Her hair was beautiful blonde. She has a little gown on and smiles at me with the greatest grin.
She was light all over; the glory of the Lord was all over her. I was seeing in the spirit, not in the natural.
I didn't see physical flesh; I'm looking into the spirit and I see this angel go through my door.
I just grinned back at her because the peace that passes all understanding flooded my home.
I could feel the presence of the Lord so strong all over me. I feel it now when I talk about it manifesting again in my home.
I got lost in the moment and she just walks right in, kneels down before my little Alice, and she puts her hand on that little dog.
I saw her bend down on her knees and touch that little dog with her hands, and I kid you not, I heard the loudest pop!
It sounded like a cork. All six puppies came out at once, like a train.
All of them were alive. Not one was dead. I helped the mama clean up the dogs and got the sacks off.
I was just so taken aback at the moment and I just was rejoicing.
My son was up with me praying over that dog, and he witnessed everything I'm talking about.
Braden, my son, he witnesses a lot of it. All of them came out alive, every single one of them, like a train.
We got them all cleaned up, and it was a big blessing to this family.
So, I just wanted to tell you all about that miracle and the angelic encounter I had.
The Lord brought it up to me again and said, 'I want you to tell my people: use scripture when you pray.
Find what you're believing for in the Bible, like if it's healing, finances, or a wayward child.'I found an amazing scripture where it talks about how the devil blinds the unbelievers'eyes, and we're to pray that the Lord remove the blinders.
I believe it's in Corinthians. Finding scripture to stand on concerning what you're believing for—I just found whatever I could find at that moment.
It just felt right: 'Trust in the Lord with all your heart.'Lean not unto your own understanding.
Because I was freaking out, I was trying to lean onto my own understanding that all my dogs were going to die and all this was going to happen.
This was terrible. For the mother dog and for everything, it was awful.
But trying to find a scripture at that moment, that's the only one that came up in my spirit, and it didn't really have anything to do with speaking to the circumstances; it just rolled out of me.
Just pray that. But I'm just saying, find a scripture for your situation and pray the word.
Pray the word concerning what you need. Stand on that word. Believe it with all your heart and don't let it go.
Let it become so real to you that it is more real to you; it is Rhema.
It becomes something so alive inside of your spirit because we're not dealing with a fleshly God; we're dealing with a spirit God.
He is spirit. And so we have to operate in the spirit to get what we need in the natural, in the flesh.
It happens in the spirit before it happens in the natural. So what you're looking for in the natural has to be birthed in the spirit first, in prayer.
So when you're praying for something and you're believing for your manifestation, find scripture because the word is what you're going to have to have.
All this other stuff, the flesh—you get in the flesh. God's not moved by our need; He's moved by our faith.
And I'm going to tell you, if you're begging, you're not believing.
And you have to get inside the spirit first to get out of the spirit and into the natural.
I'm going to say that again and again because that's how important it is for you to understand.
We're not dealing with the natural; we're dealing with the spiritual.
You have to understand this concerning your unsaved loved ones, concerning your healing, concerning finances, sowing seed.
It is a lot different with finances. I always say I look at it this way: whenever I have a need, I sow a seed.
When you have a need, you sow a seed. I sow and I say, 'Father, I put it into good soil.'And I say, 'Father, I thank you, Lord.
We have a need.'Whether it's your electric, water, gas, your car payment, whatever it may be—food for your house, whatever.
Father, I thank you. And it may just be ten cents. You go in there and you give that ten cents.
If the widow's mite moved Jesus more than the rich man giving all that he had, how much more would He be moved for you?
He's no respecter of persons. So even if you just have a penny to give, give it with faith.
Give it to the Lord in faith, your church offering or whatever you do, give it by faith.
Even like I said, even if it's two cents and you believe for your manifestation of some thirty, some sixty, and some hundredfold, that's just what we believe.
What's a hundredfold of two cents? And that's where you've got to grow.
You'll learn how to believe God for five dollars or ten dollars or a hundred dollars or whatever you need. It takes time to develop your faith.
It's like a muscle: you keep working out at the gym, you keep going to the gym, you run on that spiritual treadmill and you start dropping weight. You've got to keep on keeping on.
Whenever it seems like it's not even working, you've got to keep speaking and finding scripture because that's whenever your mountain needs to hear your voice.
You have to speak to your mountain and tell it, 'Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea.'And if you shall not doubt in your heart, you shall have whatsoever things you say.
That's Mark 11:24, somewhere around there. So, you can't doubt.
That's where I have to get in there, and that's where I'm trying to tell you all a lot of it is about grace.
Because I'm telling you, when the doubt tries to come in and try to rob you of your faith, and you feel your circumstances aren't changing and you keep on keeping on and it seems like all hell's coming against you and you've got all these trials, I'm telling you, that's whenever I've come to figure out—sometimes I just throw my hands up and say, 'Father, it's by Your grace.
It's all by Your grace.'Even where I'm at right now, whenever you say I am weak, You are strong.
When I am weak, Lord, You're strong. And I lay at Your feet. Even with all the scripture I've tried to find, You're the only one that's going to fix this.
I'm just being real with y'all. Bottom line is we're all a work in progress.
None of us have it all figured out. We're all trying to work out our salvation with fear and trembling.
We're all seeking Him every single day. And none of us are going to get everything right all the time. I'm going to be flat out with you.
And I've had some really cool visitations, but it comes down to it: it's the grace of God that gets me through every single day.
It isn't about how much Brandon prays or how elegant I may pray or how I may think that I have it.
'Well, I prayed that special prayer so Jesus is going to hear me more.'No, it's the prayer of faith that will heal the sick.
It could be someone just says, 'Jesus, heal him,'being some kind of simple little prayer and having faith behind it and getting the manifestation of it.
It doesn't have to be some kind of elegant theological worded prayer all the time to be perfect.
Just find scripture. Find scripture that pertains to your situation and say a simple prayer about it.
You don't have to make it all religious. Just be real with Jesus.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you. He sees beyond all that baloney. He sees beyond all the fleshy stuff. He knows the heart.
The eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart that is perfect towards Him.
He's looking for a heart, somebody who has good motives behind what they're saying and how they're praying.
He knows the motives of why you're praying what you're praying. He knows what you're thinking.
He knows the deep down secret things that you think you're hiding.
He's looking all the way down into the depths of all your junk and He's looking and going, 'Whatever.
It's by grace, Brandon.'That's why I say a lot of times I'll be praying and I say, 'Listen, Brandon, chill out.'You know, calm down.
'I see what you're going through. I understand why you said what you said. I understand why you did what you did.
And I'm merciful to you.'His mercies are new every morning and great is His faithfulness to you.
He understands. He loves you. He's a good God. He's a faithful God.
And that's what I'm trying to tell y'all. That's what I had for y'all today.
I don't want to take it too long. It's 30 minutes. I try to keep these short because people just seem to click out.
But I just want to make sure that you get what the Lord had for you today. It's important. And so I hope this blessed y'all.
Let me pray for you, and I'll agree with you that you have your miracle that you're believing for.
Just like God came through for me, He'll come through for you.
Father, I just thank You for every single person that is represented here.
I call healing and wholeness and wellness over their bodies.
I thank You, Father, that You said in Your word that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
And I thank you, Father, that you also said that by your stripes, they are healed.
And I call healing and wholeness and wellness over them in the name of Jesus.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, I call them healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
Father, from all kinds of disorders, from fibromyalgia to PTSD to all things, it does not matter.
From even a hangnail, Lord, you care about it all and you paid the price for every single one of them to walk in divine health.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for manifestations of the glory on their lives today.
I thank you, Father, for your provision for every single one of them.
You said in your word that you would supply all our needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, for supernatural harvest over their finances from every single area of their life from 30, 60, and 100-fold.
I call forth an abundant harvest over their finances in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that every unsaved loved one, every unsaved person that's represented here, Father, needs salvation in their homes; I call their homes filled with the presence of the Lord.
And we call those wayward people back in the name of Jesus. We say, Satan, you take your blinders off of their eyes.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're bringing in the light that's flooding their eyes, flooding their hearts, and they would know that Jesus Christ loves them, and that he came and he died for them, and he rose again on the third day, and that they don't have to go to hell, the devil's hell.
They can go to heaven and live for eternity for you, Lord. I thank you, Lord, that every single one of them would know you and know you intimately as their Lord and Savior.
I thank you, Lord, for marriages to be restored. I pray for marriages right now and creative ideas for them to get finances for restoration in their finances and for restoration in their homes.
Lord, you always show me a lot of people fight over money. And so, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bring financial peace over them.
There'll be peace, Father, that they'll understand who they are and understand what you paid for.
And that, Father, they can have peace in their homes and joy in their homes.
We thank you, Lord, that you're bringing restoration in homes and marriages to be stronger than they ever have before.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for their children, for peace in their children, in their schools, and that there is a covering over their schools.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're light in darkness. And I thank you, Lord, for just delivering their kids from all kinds of perversion.
And that, Father, you would bring healing to their homes in the name of Jesus. Father, I thank you, Lord, for new kidneys for Joyce.
We always believe for kidneys for Joyce and for new hearts and for new brains and new whatever they need.
Alzheimer's is gone, broken off, strokes are healed and whole and well.
And we thank you, Lord, that we find the scriptures that we need and we pray those scriptures.
We stand on that word because, Father, that's all that matters is the word of God. And we put your word priority in our life.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for everything you've done for us and what you continue to do on a daily basis.
And we give you praise and glory for it. Amen and amen. God bless you all.
Have a blessed day and thank you for supporting me. Thank you for watching.
God bless you all. May the Lord put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you next time. Y'all have a blessed day. God bless y'all.